hi i'm cheryl star and i'm gonna show
you how to make two simple money trees
for your next bridal shower the first
money tree i'm gonna show you how to
make is actually utilizing a live plant
i chose a rose plant because i like
roses and what's really nice about
choosing a live plant for a money tree
is that when everything is said and done
in the events over you can actually give
it to the bride so she can plant it at
her home or on our patio or in her
garden or just keep it around in her
home in a pot but basically she always
has a reminder of the wonderful event
and all her wonderful friends who came
out and supported her for her big
engagement and her big day so utilizing
a rose plant is a really really great
money tree or potential money tree
because they just need a lot of sunlight
and a lot of sunlight and some water
and they usually do pretty well but for
money treat it's usually pretty pretty
simple what i like to do is take small
envelopes and punch a little hole in
them and once your guests place their
money into the envelope you can just
take some ribbon and tie it to the tree
the reason I like to use envelopes
instead of utilizing a clothespin or a
clip on the actual plant is because some
guests don't always feel comfortable
giving money and in those cases you can
just allow the guest to give a little
notes of good wishes to the bride and
they can put that in the envelope
instead of money if they don't feel
comfortable giving cash or a check and
that's absolutely fine as well as long
as your guests are there that's all
that's important so you take the
envelope and some ribbon and you pick
any branch of the tree doesn't matter
high or low and you just tie it to it it
is that simple for a live plant there's
not a lot of month mess or fuss with a
live plant and you just duplicate that
around with your guests the second tree
I'm going to show you how to make the
second money tree is actually utilizing
feet plants non my plants and I like you
know plants with a lot of color so I
pull these fake flowers
that have these beautiful pink blossoms
on them and what we're going to do is
use a very tall vase and we're gonna
pour in just some beads that you can get
from a craft store or a home store home
decor store and we're gonna pour them
right into the base I'm actually using
two different colors of beads so I'm
using a clear and then a frosted and
then I'm just gonna end with a dark
purple because I want to have a little
color and if you want to mix the beads
up and actually get a sort of unified
mix of colors you can do that as well
and once you have all the beads in your
large vase or voss pending on where
you're from you just take your branches
and just stick them down there just give
them a good push one after the other
straight into the boss there we go and
if you know they tilt it's absolutely
fine if you want them close together you
can tie some ribbons on the base but
this is a really inexpensive way to do a
money tree also you can give the bride
the vase after if you want to decorate
it with some ribbon you can do that as
well
but same concept you give your guests an
envelope with a hole punched in it where
you they can tie little notes or put
their money in the envelope and you can
tie it right around the tree
this you can put on the floor if it's
really tall or you can make it a
beautiful centerpiece on one of the
tables
wherever the bride is city and it can be
right there so those are two examples of
money trees that you can do easily
yourself